WIP: Starknet Snap Rough Skeleton (#1509)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: wallet/how-to/use-non-evm-networks/starknet/connect-to-starknet.md

 :::

### 2. Connect to Starknet using `wallet_invokeSnap`

Use the `wallet_invokeSnap` method to directly interact with the Starknet Snap. Add the following code to your project:

```javascript title="app.js"
// Function to request Starknet account
const connectStarknetSnap = async () => {
  try {
    const snapId = 'npm:starknet-snap';
    
    const requestParams = {
      method: 'wallet_invokeSnap',
      params: {
        snapId: snapId,
        request: {
          method: 'starknet_getAccount',  // Method to get the Starknet account
          params: {}
        }
      }
    };

    // Request the Starknet account from MetaMask using Snap
    const account = await ethereum.request(requestParams);
    console.log('Starknet Account:', account);
    
    return account;
  } catch (error) {
    console.error('Error connecting to Starknet Snap:', error);
  }
};
```

### 3. Trigger the connection from the dapp

To allow users to connect their Starknet accounts to MetaMask, assign the `connectStarknetSnap` function to a button or event. 
Create a button that, when clicked, connects the Starknet Snap.

#### Example in HTML and JavaScript (Vanilla JS)

```html

> <!DOCTYPE html>
> <html lang="en">
> <head>
>   <meta charset="UTF-8">
>   <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
>   <title>Connect Starknet Snap</title>
> </head>
> <body>
>   <button id="connectButton">Connect Starknet Wallet</button>
>   <p id="accountInfo"></p>
> 
>   <script>
>     document.getElementById('connectButton').addEventListener('click', async () => {
>       try {
>         const snapId = 'npm:starknet-snap';  // Snap ID
>         const requestParams = {
>           method: 'wallet_invokeSnap',
>           params: {
>             snapId: snapId,
>             request: {
>               method: 'starknet_getAccount',
>               params: {}
>             }
>           }
>         };
>         
>         const account = await ethereum.request(requestParams);
>         document.getElementById('accountInfo').innerText = `Connected Account: ${account}`;
>       } catch (error) {
>         console.error('Error connecting to Starknet Snap:', error);
>       }
>     });
>   </script>
> </body>
> </html>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
  <title>Connect Starknet Snap</title>
</head>
<body>
  <button id="connectButton">Connect Starknet Wallet</button>
  <p id="accountInfo"></p>

  <script>
    async function connect(snapId) {
        await ethereum.request({
            method: 'wallet_requestSnaps',
            params: {
            [snapId]: {},
            },
        });
    }
    async function callSnap(snapId, method, params) {
      try {
        const response = await ethereum.request({
          method: 'wallet_invokeSnap',
          params: {
            snapId,
            request: {
              method,
              params,
            },
          },
        });
        return response;
      } catch (err) {
        console.error(`${method} problem happened:`, err);
        alert(`${method} problem happened: ${err.message || err}`);
      }
    }
    document.getElementById('connectButton').addEventListener('click', async () => {
      try {
        const snapId = 'npm:@consensys/starknet-snap';  // Snap ID
        await connect(snapId);
        const deploy = false; // whether to deploy the actual account
        const addressIndex = 0; // which address to derive
        const chainId = "0x534e5f5345504f4c4941"; // which chain to use  mainnet id  "0x534e5f4d41494e", sepolia id "0x534e5f5345504f4c4941"
        const account = await callSnap(snapId, 'starkNet_createAccount', { addressIndex, deploy, chainId });
        console.log(account)
        document.getElementById('accountInfo').innerText = `Connected Starknet Account: ${account.address}`;
      } catch (error) {
        console.error('Error connecting to Starknet Snap:', error);
      }
    });
  </script>
</body>
</html>
```

```

#### Example in a React component

```javascript

> import React, { useState } from 'react';
> 
> const ConnectWallet = () => {
>   const [account, setAccount] = useState(null);
> 
>   const connectStarknetSnap = async () => {
>     try {
>       const snapId = 'npm:starknet-snap';  // Snap ID
>       const requestParams = {
>         method: 'wallet_invokeSnap',
>         params: {
>           snapId: snapId,
>           request: {
>             method: 'starknet_getAccount',
>             params: {}
>           }
>         }
>       };
>       
>       const account = await window.ethereum.request(requestParams);
>       setAccount(account);
>     } catch (error) {
>       console.error('Error connecting to Starknet Snap:', error);
>     }
>   };
> 
>   return (
>     <div>
>       <button onClick={connectStarknetSnap}>Connect Starknet Wallet</button>
>       {account && <p>Connected Account: {account}</p>}
>     </div>
>   );
> };
> 
> export default ConnectWallet;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import React, { useState } from 'react';

const ConnectWallet = () => {
  const [accountInfo, setAccountInfo] = useState('');

  const connect = async (snapId) => {
    try {
      await window.ethereum.request({
        method: 'wallet_requestSnaps',
        params: {
          [snapId]: {},
        },
      });
    } catch (err) {
      console.error('Snap connection error:', err);
      alert(`Error connecting to Snap: ${err.message || err}`);
    }
  };

  const callSnap = async (snapId, method, params) => {
    try {
      const response = await window.ethereum.request({
        method: 'wallet_invokeSnap',
        params: {
          snapId,
          request: {
            method,
            params,
          },
        },
      });
      return response;
    } catch (err) {
      console.error(`${method} problem happened:`, err);
      alert(`${method} problem happened: ${err.message || err}`);
    }
  };

  const handleConnectClick = async () => {
    try {
      const snapId = 'npm:@consensys/starknet-snap'; // Snap ID
      await connect(snapId);

      const deploy = false; // whether to deploy the actual account
      const addressIndex = 0; // which address to derive
      const chainId = '0x534e5f5345504f4c4941'; // chain (sepolia)

      const account = await callSnap(snapId, 'starkNet_createAccount', { addressIndex, deploy, chainId });
      setAccountInfo(`Connected Starknet Account: ${account.address}`);
    } catch (error) {
      console.error('Error connecting to Starknet Snap:', error);
    }
  };

  return (
    <div>
      <button onClick={handleConnectClick}>Connect Starknet Wallet</button>
      <p>{accountInfo}</p>
    </div>
  );
};

export default ConnectWallet;
```

choose which Starknet wallet to connect to.
When a user connects to MetaMask, `get-starknet` requests the user to connect to the Starknet Snap in MetaMask.

<div class="row">
  <div class="column">
    <img src={require("../../../assets/starknet-wallet-modal.png").default} alt="Starknet wallet modal" width="360" style={{border: "1px solid #DCDCDC"}} />
  </div>
  <div class="column">
    <img src={require("../../../assets/starknet-metamask-connection.png").default} alt="Starknet MetaMask connection request" width="360" style={{border: "1px solid #DCDCDC"}} />
  </div>
</div>

After the user connects to Starknet, the dapp displays the user's connected wallet and wallet address:

<p align="center">
  <img src={require("../../../assets/starknet-dapp-connected.png").default} alt="Connected Starknet dapp" width="850" style={{border: "1px solid #DCDCDC"}} />
</p>

## Connect using `wallet_invokeSnap`

Alternatively, you can manage the Snap invocation manually.
Use the [`wallet_invokeSnap`](/snaps/reference/wallet-api-for-snaps/#wallet_invokesnap) JSON-RPC
method to directly interact with the Starknet Snap. 

:::note

> This option can include the use of the [Starknet Snap companion dapp](https://snaps.consensys.io/starknet), which demonstrates how to use `wallet_invokeSnap` through its [UI example](https://github.com/Consensys/starknet-snap?tab=readme-ov-file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Starknet Snap companion dapp](https://snaps.consensys.io/starknet) serves as a reference implementation and example dapp. It demonstrates how to manually invoke the Starknet Snap using the `wallet_invokeSnap` method, showcasing potential use cases and UI integration. For more details, see the [source code of the companion dapp’s UI](https://github.com/Consensys/starknet-snap/tree/main/packages/wallet-ui).
```

> :::

Author: @stanleyyconsensys and I don't think this should be in the dev docs, but agreed we can include the UI as demo. I think beyond that this info belongs in the support docs for the end user. I think once the support docs are available, we can link that info here. 

@stanleyyconsensys is this note any clearer? WDYT?

> :::

Reviewer: It is indeed meant to be more of a reference implementation for people using invoke snap
Something like this maybe make it clear ? @alexandratran, @joaniefromtheblock 

```
The [Starknet Snap companion dapp](https://snaps.consensys.io/starknet) serves as a reference implementation and example dapp. It demonstrates how to manually invoke the Starknet Snap using the `wallet_invokeSnap` method, showcasing potential use cases and UI integration. For more details, see the [source code of the companion dapp’s UI](https://github.com/Consensys/starknet-snap/tree/main/packages/wallet-ui).
```

  });
}

export async function callSnap(method, params) {
  try {
    const response = await ethereum.request({
      method: "wallet_invokeSnap",
      params: {
        snapId,
        request: {
          method,
          params,
        },
      },
    });
    console.log(`${method} response:`, response);
    return response;
  } catch (err) {
    console.error(`${method} error:`, err);
    alert(`${method} error: ${err.message || err}`);
    throw err;
  }
}
```

:::note

To connect to Starknet, the dapp user must add the Starknet Snap to MetaMask.
Make sure to [handle user rejections](troubleshoot.md#handle-user-rejection).

:::

### 2. Call a specific Snap method

Use the `callSnap` function to call a specific Snap method.
The following example calls [`starkNet_createAccount`](../../../reference/non-evm-apis/starknet-snap-api.md#starknet_createaccount):

```javascript
const deploy = false; // Set to true to deploy the actual account.
const addressIndex = 0; // Specify which address to derive.
const chainId = "0x534e5f5345504f4c4941"; // Chain ID of the network to use.

const accountInfo = await callSnap("starkNet_createAccount", { addressIndex, deploy, chainId });
```

> ### Examples

Author: I think it might be helpful to work these docs in phases/ stages. I can add that as a phase II activity in addition to linking to the support docs (as well as  whatever tasks may carry over from the MVP).
